EM: introduce crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant in beta (#16853)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/crosscloudazureactivedirectorytenant.md

---
title: "crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant resource type"
description: "The crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant type identifies another Azure Active Directory tenant in a different cloud as an identity source for a connected organization."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "markwahl-msft"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Used in the identity sources of an [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md). The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant` indicates that this type identifies another Azure Active Directory tenant, in a different cloud, as an identity source for a connected organization.

Reviewer: Minor fix
```suggestion
Used in the identity sources of a [connectedOrganization](connectedOrganization.md) object. The `@odata.type` value `#microsoft.graph.crossCloudAzureActiveDirectoryTenant` indicates that this type identifies another Azure AD tenant in a different cloud as an identity source for a connected organization.
```

## Properties

| Property                     | Type                      | Description |
| :--------------------------- | :------------------------ | :---------- |
| displayName |String | The name of the Azure Active Directory tenant. Read only. |
| tenantId |String | The ID of the Azure Active Directory tenant. Read only. |

> | cloudInstance | String | The ID of the cloud where the tenant is located, one of `microsoftonline.com`, `microsoftonline.us` or `partner.microsoftonline.cn`. Read only. |

Reviewer: Alphabetical order, please.

Author: updated this list, thanks.
